listen up freshmen I'm gonna tell you
the story about how we started a fusion
team at Berkeley it all started in
September of 2009 when two of my
roommates and I were watching a hindi
movie all the time yeah I know what you
mean it feels like we've been watching
the same thing over and over again hey
start something new like what new dance
team a dance team that's not Hindi no
it's impossible I don't think that's
ever been heard of it Berkeley and
besides where we gonna get dancers right
then we started looking for people to
start our team first we went to the
Music Building and we saw a guy who
could play but he had the moves too
after that we went to the library and
sure these guys were nerds who were
always coding but we knew they had some
hidden talent sweet finally we left the
library and ran into a few guys playing
football
Rajiv told me about a guy that went
crazy for the Golden Bear little did the
rest of us know he had crazy talent -
Karthik you some guys were pretty good -
we just had to take a look
all that was left was to get everyone
together for the team you read it